#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.179.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
    #   gspread
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via gspread
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.47.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.6.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.3.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.36.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-error-reporting==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-firestore==2.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-logging==3.12.1
    # via google-cloud-error-reporting
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-vision==3.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.3
    # via google-api-core
gspread==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gunicorn==22.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via opentelemetry-api
loguru==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
lxml==6.0.1
    # via pytrends
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
opentelemetry-api==1.36.0
    # via google-cloud-logging
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytrends
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.25.8
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-error-reporting
    #   google-cloud-firestore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-generativeai
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
pytrends==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via uvicorn
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pytrends
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
starlette==0.47.2
    # via fastapi
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via google-generativeai
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.32.1
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
zipp==3.23.0
    # via importlib-metadata
