#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via -r requirements.in
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-genai
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
beautifulsoup4==4.13.5
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
docstring-parser==0.17.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-bigquery==3.36.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.14.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-secret-manager==2.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-storage==2.19.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-genai==1.31.0
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.14.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via google-genai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
lxml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytrends
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
    #   shapely
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
pandas==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytrends
praw==7.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prawcore==2.4.0
    # via praw
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-secret-manager
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytrends==4.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via uvicorn
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-genai
    #   prawcore
    #   pytrends
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
    #   update-checker
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via tweepy
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
shapely==2.1.1
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.47.3
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via google-genai
tweepy==4.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-genai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   starlette
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via praw
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via praw
websockets==15.0.1
    # via
    #   google-genai
    #   uvicorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
